README.md, before:

# Snake Game

Welcome to the Snake Game! This is a classic arcade game where you control a snake to eat food and grow longer. The game ends if the snake collides with itself or the boundaries of the game board. Try to achieve the highest score possible!

## Table of Contents
- [Game Description](#game-description)
- [Features](#features)
- [Game Instructions](#game-instructions)
- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Setup and Installation](#setup-and-installation)
- [How to Play](#how-to-play)

## Game Description

The Snake Game is an interactive game where the player controls a snake to eat food appearing randomly on the game board. Each piece of food the snake eats makes it grow longer. The game keeps track of your current score and highest score. Be careful not to let the snake collide with itself or the game boundaries, or the game will end.

## Features

- Classic snake gameplay with a growing snake and randomly appearing food.
- Score tracking system.
- High score tracking.
- Game over detection when the snake collides with itself or the game boundaries.
- Option to restart the game after it ends.

## Game Instructions

1. Use the arrow keys to control the direction of the snake.
2. The snake will move continuously in the current direction.
3. Eat the food to grow longer and score points.
4. Avoid colliding with the snake's body or the game boundaries.
5. If the game ends, you can restart it by pressing the SPACE key.
6. The game displays your current score and the highest score achieved.

## Requirements

- Java Development Kit (JDK)
- An IDE or text editor for writing and running Java code

## Setup and Installation

1. Ensure you have Java Development Kit (JDK) installed on your system.
2. Download or clone the game code to your local machine.
3. Open the code in your preferred IDE or text editor.

## How to Play

1. Run the `App.java` file to start the game.
2. Use the arrow keys to control the snake.
3. Try to eat the food to grow longer and increase your score.
4. Avoid colliding with the snake's body or the game boundaries.
5. If the game ends, press the SPACE key to restart the game and try to beat your high score.

### Enjoy playing the Snake Game!

Commit message:

Update README.md with OutPut SS

README.md, after:

# Snake Game

Welcome to the Snake Game! This is a classic arcade game where you control a snake to eat food and grow longer. The game ends if the snake collides with itself or the boundaries of the game board. Try to achieve the highest score possible!

## Table of Contents
- [Game Description](#game-description)
- [Features](#features)
- [Game Instructions](#game-instructions)
- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Setup and Installation](#setup-and-installation)
- [How to Play](#how-to-play)
- [Sample Output](#sample-output) 
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Game Description

The Snake Game is an interactive game where the player controls a snake to eat food appearing randomly on the game board. Each piece of food the snake eats makes it grow longer. The game keeps track of your current score and highest score. Be careful not to let the snake collide with itself or the game boundaries, or the game will end.

## Features

- Classic snake gameplay with a growing snake and randomly appearing food.
- Score tracking system.
- High score tracking.
- Game over detection when the snake collides with itself or the game boundaries.
- Option to restart the game after it ends.

## Game Instructions

1. Use the arrow keys to control the direction of the snake.
2. The snake will move continuously in the current direction.
3. Eat the food to grow longer and score points.
4. Avoid colliding with the snake's body or the game boundaries.
5. If the game ends, you can restart it by pressing the SPACE key.
6. The game displays your current score and the highest score achieved.

## Requirements

- Java Development Kit (JDK)
- An IDE or text editor for writing and running Java code

## Setup and Installation

1. Ensure you have Java Development Kit (JDK) installed on your system.
2. Download or clone the game code to your local machine.
3. Open the code in your preferred IDE or text editor.

## How to Play

1. Run the `App.java` file to start the game.
2. Use the arrow keys to control the snake.
3. Try to eat the food to grow longer and increase your score.
4. Avoid colliding with the snake's body or the game boundaries.
5. If the game ends, press the SPACE key to restart the game and try to beat your high score.

## Sample Output
### Output Screenshot

### 1]
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/569529bf-d7ac-41b8-b799-1657ca5b1631" alt="Snake Game OutPut 1" width="700" height="400" >

### 2]
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8da5139f-c51e-4603-9643-416e85556613" alt="Snake Game Output 2" width="400" height="400" >

## Acknowledgements

- I watched a tutorial video on YouTube by Kenny Yip Coding, which guided me through the process of coding and making this game. I followed the tutorial and added some additional features suggested by the video creator.
- I received valuable assistance in adding comments and refining the code from ChatGPT.

### Enjoy playing the Snake Game!
